{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Ubuntu-Medium;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Ubuntu;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Ubuntu-Light;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red26\green26\blue26;\red189\green188\blue194;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl800\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs80 \cf1 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\shad\shadx0\shady-20\shadr60\shado127 \shadc0 I am Art, as Investment\cb1 \shad0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs40 \cf3 The opinion of todays capitalistic society is: art is an investment, or even simpler said: art \uc0\u8805  money. This holds true, if we expect that art will increase its value over time (this highly depends on the artist\'92s reputation, though).\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs36 \cf3 So, as an young artist, I will put myself in the position as a facilitator rather than as an artist and let the artwork talk for itself. And the best known medium with high reputation is money. Therefore, I take a real \'80 500 banknote, which is one of the highest valued banknotes in the world, and declare it as art.\uc0\u8232 My inspiration is Marcel Duchamp, who exhibited a mass-produced urinal in an art gallery and, through his signature, he transformed it to one of the most important artworks of the 20th century.\u8232 In todays environment, living and working in a digitalised world with augmented reality, virtual spaces and digitalised communication, art has become multidimensional.\u8232 Consequently, the signature, which shall declare the banknote as art, will be shown in digital form and communicated through a virtual medium - a video with an augmented reality application.\
The visual concept of the video will be a digital transformation (a series of glitched images) of Gustav Klimt\'92s facility painting, and symbolises the high value of these artworks even though they do not exist anymore, since they were burned in 1945.\uc0\u8232 The combination of both materials, the virtual signature of Gustav Klimt and the real piece of a \'80 500 banknote, defines the monetary value of the artwork.\u8232 Moreover, the artwork\'92s value is expected to increase, due to limited supply in future, since the European Central Bank decided to permanently end the production of the \'80 500 banknote by the end of 2018.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\qc\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs28 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\qr\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs36 \cf3 01 Art/Money\

\f2 DIN A4\uc0\u8232 digital fine art print\u8232 augmented reality\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf3 \
}